For this project i use MERN stack web application which consist MongoDB,Express,React,NodeJS
I use Mongodb as a storage or database where i have two main schema like user board .User table helps to store the information about users and board schema helps to store the boards played by two players.I use Node js because it is a runtime environment (RTE) is a collection of web APIs that a developer can use to create a code and a JavaScript engine to parse that code. This makes it lightweight, versatile, and simple to deploy, all of which will assist in optimizing and accelerating our application project. I use Express to setup a web connection between nodejs backend and react frontend to send my API Calls is easy and reliable.I use react because in modern day it is the most popular javascript framework .it has a wide variety of resorces and applications . it is fast and reliable.Easy creation of dynamic applications: React makes it easier to create dynamic web applications because it requires less coding and offers more functionality, as opposed to JavaScript, where coding often gets complex very quickly. Improved performance: React uses Virtual DOM, thereby creating web applications faster.

MongoDB:- Using MongoDB can provide many benefits to a software developer. Its flexible schema makes it easy to evolve and store data in a way that is easy for programmers to work with. MongoDB is also built to scale up quickly and supports all the main features mostly it is free to use.
I use mongodb compass to store all the necessery details about users and boards.

Express:-Express was created to make APIs and web applications with ease,It saves a lot of coding time almost by half and still makes web and
mobile applications are efficient.Another reason for using express is that it is written in javascript. Its helps to connect frontend request to
travel through backend and backend response to frontend application. It is much more easier to maintain states.

NodeJs:-Node. js is widely used for the back-end of applications, like using Express. js to build the back-end of classic web applications. Also, it is used for server-side programming and non-blocking, event-driven servers like typical websites and backend API services.It is built up on Chrome's V8 JavaScript engine. It is easier to connect with backend server through mongoose or with SQL databases also. It has wide variety of libray which helps to create backend server mode powerful and efficient.

React:-Easy creation of dynamic applications: React makes it easier to create dynamic web applications because it requires less coding and offers more functionality, as opposed to JavaScript, where coding often gets complex very quickly. Improved performance: React uses Virtual DOM, thereby creating web applications faster.
